Here
I was right.
I am
The murderer is coming for me
It's all my fault
I even hacked Sister Anning
This is you being pushed off a cliff.
Now it's Amy again
The murderer is Chen Shixian
younger sister
I believe in the world
Don't worry, I will take good care of Silent
Give him a spoon well.
Is it the family of the deceased?
I have some clues here about the cause of death of the deceased
What clue?
Wife
Just leave it to me here
Go back and rest first.
Chen Shixian
Are you guilty?
I'm just worried about the silent emotions
Honey, I'm fine.
I just want to know
The Truth About Ami's Death
This is resignation before death
The last call that aired